In this, the offer slider I mentioned at the top should be working and should have a proper glossy look, and the header also doesn't look good at all. It should be classic and professional, simple and attractive. ,Then apply the background photo below in your own way. Then apply the text above in a good way, like 3 to 4 lines long, and the background image should change in 4-4 seconds. Keep a total of 5 images. Ok. And the text should also be good with this image, everything should be shoutable, okay, and I want a glossy look, this burden has been made simple, it is not like this, it is classic, okay.
Now the category section below should be very attractive and the bedsheet photo is not visible in it, add it, the featured product should be replaced with something better and the product inside it should have a classy look. It should be and if the product photo is not visible in it, then add it. Cool. Cool. Then scroll down and suck it. Yunora. This doesn't look anything special and it's not attractive. Okay.
Then make the style update equally cool, and the one at the bottom should look a little better in a glossy look, okay? 

Now the shop page is also not made anything special, just make it cool, then if there is no product photo, then add that cool cool 
Then, even if there is nothing special in the category, make it attractive and add good photos to it, make the about sections with a few more details, add the text I uploaded, sathe sathe shoutable Good photos and good digining.If it doesn't look good, fix it now, then as I said on the warranty page, if you haven't added it in the details, add it properly and there should be 1 to 2 shoutable photos of it. Then the contact page is the worst thing that has been created. That page should be a cool attractor with proper details. With good design, edit the announcement. Then the login and registration pages don't look good. Then golosy And make it attractive, the profile page is not good and it also has proper dates, make it OK and put the location perfectly, OK And make the search bar proper, the product the user searches for should appear, then if it is not there then there should be a curantly note, or coming soon, then the user searches with some pricing like sofa user 10000 then in that way It should look like this after filtering, so edit everything properly as I said and make it attractive, okay?